(knocking on door)
Captain.
I guess he's not back yet.
(door sliding)
I wonder where he... (gasping)
(door closing)
Captain.
If you were in here, you
might at least have answered-
[Shunsui] Nanao.
I'm afraid this may be goodbye.
(Nanao gasping)
(birds chirping)
(Shunsui sighing)
Give me a break.
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
[Kazuo And Kazuhiro] 91, 92.
(water bubbling)
93, 94.
(Ichigo screaming)
Well, you flunked
that test, you idiot.
Didn't you ever take a
bath when you were a kid?
Didn't your parents teach you
that you can't
get out of the tub
until you've counted to 100?
What are you, crazy?
Who the hell makes their
kid count up to 100
with their head underwater?
Ah, quit your whining, will ya?
Kazuo, Kazuhiro.
Right, in you get.
Don't fight it, kid.
-It's nothing personal.
-(Ichigo yelling)
Damn you, kid!
[Ichigo] Stop calling me kid!
[Tenjiro] Hold it.
(Kazuo and Kazuhiro growling)
(Ichigo gasping)
(Ichigo whimpering)
(water splashing)
(Ichigo yelling)
What the hell was that for?
[Tenjiro] Yep, you're healed.
Huh?
(water splashing)
If you weren't healed,
that last punch of mine
definitely woulda killed you.
Take a look.
Your wounds are all gone.
You're right.
Looks like my work here is done.
Time for me to send you
on to the next stop.
-The next-
-(water splashing)
-Wait for me.
-(Ichigo gasping)
I'll be coming with you.
You kidding me?
You're not even close
to being healed yet.
(water splashing)
(Renji breathing shakily)
(Tenjiro grunting)
(thudding sound)
(water gushing)
-(water splashing)
-(Tenjiro gasping)
(Renji grunting)
You see?
I'm still standing, aren't I?
(Renji grunting)
(Tenjiro growling)
Just barely.
But if you really think
you're up to it, go ahead.
It's your funeral.
I won't stop you.
Yeah, all right.
(air whooshing)
-Ready?
-Go!
(thudding sound)
(Renji screaming)
[Ichigo] Don't you
people have any other way
of getting around this place?
Well, that's that.
Okay, you two, we're done.
(thudding sound)
Thanks for helping me out.
You can go ahead and take
those things off now.
[Kazuo And Kazuhiro] Yes, sir.
(clothes rustling)
(flame whooshing)
(skin sizzling)
Whoa!
We never would've survived that
without these protective
bathing robes.
Even so, another few minute
and we'd have been parboiled.
Those two guys weren't
wearing anything
and they survived both
the White Bone Hell
and Blood Pond Hell.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, I knew they had potential,
but not that kind of potential.
Especially that Ichigo kid.
Little punk.
Not only did he survive
that punch I threw at him.
He blocked my fist
outta pure reflex.
He fractured it.
(Kazuhiro gasping)
No way.
People used to call me
"Lightning Fast Tenjiro"
for my Hoho skills.
As far as I can tell, I
haven't lost my touch.
So, yeah, that kid is
something else, all right.
I can see why the Soul
King is so fond of him.
[Central 46 Member] You
want two lieutenants?
Yeah, Third Seat Okikiba
and Lieutenant Ise.
Because he can manage the squad,
and because she can manage me.
I'll need them both if I'm
going to fulfill my duties.
No, absolutely out
of the question.
The power to appoint
a squad's lieutenant
lies solely with its captain.
You people came
up with that rule,
or did you forget?
(Central 46 Member gasping)
Moving on to more
important matters,
namely my plans for
Kenpachi Zaraki.
(clothes rustling)
We're gonna train him
and teach him Zanjutsu.
[Central 46 Member] What?
Captain Kuchiki and the others
have gone to the Royal Palace,
but there's no guarantee
they'll return safely.
Captain Zaraki is a great
asset to us in battle,
but he'll be even more of
one with further training.
Are you mad?
If he were to become even
more powerful than he is now,
we'd never be able to stop
him if he turned against us.
Have you forgotten
when Genryusai
was training him in Kendo?
We stopped the training when
we saw how dangerous he was.
What do you suggest then?
In its current state,
the Soul Society will never
withstand the next invasion.
And I certainly don't see you
being able to save yourselves.
(Central 46 Member growling)
(dramatic music)
Nothing more?
Then I take it I
have your permission.
You can come in.
I want you to handle this
Captain Zaraki business.
-(footsteps shuffling)
-(dramatic music)
I can rely on you,
can't I, Captain Unohana?
Or should I say
The First Kenpachi
Yachiro Unohana?
(Ichigo and Renji screaming)
Here, you go first.
My injuries were a
lot worse than yours.
I'm not gonna hit
the ground first.
You go first!
A second ago you were saying
you were all healed,
you big wuss. Come on!
Who are you calling
a wuss, you coward?
(Ichigo and Renji gasping)
Oh, hi.
Aah!
Boy, did I pick the wrong
guys to hitch a ride with!
(Ichigo, Renji,
and Kon crashing)
[Renji] Ah.
(Ichigo and Renji sighing)
[Renji] Hoo-wee.
Lucky thing he came along.
This finely-tuned body of mine
-wasn't made for crash landing.
-Hey, where are you going?
Yeah, I wasn't that
worried about it.
I knew I could always
pull off a break fall
and land perfectly safe.
Pull off a what?
-A break fall.
-Break this fall.
[Ichigo] Don't you
even know what-
-Hello!
-(Ichigo and Renji screaming)
Ichigo, Renji, I'm so
glad you boys could come.
Welcome, welcome to
my humble Gatonden!
I am going to take such
good care of you. (laughing)
(Ichigo grunting)
[Ichigo] Is there anybody
normal in this damn place?
(pan sizzling)
Hup, hup, hup, hup!
We're flipping, we're
flipping, we're flipping,
and tossing, and
tossing, and tossing,
and flipping, and tossing
until everything is
yummy, yummy, yummy,
and ready for the tummy!
(exciting music)
(Ichigo and Renji grunting)
(ominous music)
She said she'd take care us,
but I figured that meant
she was gonna work us hard
and whip us into shape.
No, I guess she meant she'd
really take care of us.
Ah, this is amazing!
Well, come on, let's eat!
We don't want it
getting cold, do we?
That would be rude to the chef.
Wait, you idiot.
You know she didn't make us
this huge feast for no reason.
It's gotta be some kinda
weird training exercise.
Really?
Oh, you poor, poor thing.
That Kisuke really raised you
to be distrustful, didn't he?
Well, trust me, you have
nothing to worry about,
because this is a palace
of food, nothing else.
My only job here
in this Gatonden
is to make sure that
your bellies are full,
and you, your job
is to sit there
and eat to your heart's content,
and maybe a little more.
So hop to it, boys.
Chow down!
I know you must be starving
after what you've been through.
(stomachs growling)
[All] All right, dig in!
(Ichigo chewing)
(Renji gulping)
(Ichigo chomping)
(Renji slurping)
(plates clinking)
Good, you brought an appetite.
Keep at it!
But save some room for dessert.
(plate clunking)
Oh, it's so good,
I can't resist.
Well, I can.
Some of this stuff
is so weird-looking,
it's kinda freaking me out.
I mean, what the
hell is this thing?
(crunching sound)
(Renji gasping)
Whoa!
This is unbelievable, Ichigo!
You've got to try this.
It looks disgusting,
but this lizard skin's
got a great crunch to it,
and inside there's a slimy
center that melts in your mouth!
Shut up.
Man, you suck as a food critic,
unless you're trying to
make me lose my appetite.
(Ichigo sighing)
(chopsticks clinking)
Hmm?
What, are you done
already, you wimp?
I'm just getting started.
Hell no, I'm not
done, you idiot!
I'm not even close
to being done.
I'm just taking a little
break, that's all.
-Mm-hmm.
-(tableware clinking)
(Ichigo grunting)
(utensils clinking)
-Hey, Renji.
-Hmm?
I don't know.
Should we really
even be doing this?
Down in the Seireitei,
everybody's training
and getting ready for the
next battle right now.
While we're up here taking baths
and stuffing our faces,
as if things were okay.
We oughta be training with them.
How are we gonna
get any stronger
sitting around here like this?
Ugh.
Are you really that dumb?
What?
Look, we were both
badly injured.
Those baths were hydrotherapy
to heal our wounds.
Once our wounds healed,
we needed to eat in order
to regain our strength.
It all makes perfect sense
if you think about it.
We've gotta rebuild our
bodies and our spirits
if we wanna be ready for
the tough training ahead.
You know, every once in a
while you actually make sense.
Shut up!
We're supposed to be
eating, so start eating!
Unless you're gonna quit.
Like hell, I will!
I can eat you under the table!
Dream on, little man, dream on!
(Kirio laughing)
Very clever of you to
figure it out, Renji.
I guess that's why they
made you a lieutenant.
You guessed it, that's the
whole purpose of this exercise.
(water gushing)
Yep, that's right.
What we're doing here is
basically a warmup exercise.
This sort of thing you would do
before any strenuous
physical training.
The difference is
that here we do things
on a much, much bigger scale.
The Soul King, it's
his power and wisdom,
and a million years of history
that have created our rituals.
When it comes to healing,
therapy, and diet,
we leave the
Seireitei in the dust.
Just focus on rebuilding
your strength.
So you don't die
in the next palace.
And now, with that said, how
about we move on to dessert?
(Ichigo stammering)
[Ichigo And Renji] Wait
a second! Who are you?
Huh?
Oh, I always use up a lot
of my spiritual pressure
whenever I cook.
By the time I'm done cooking,
I'm just a shadow of my
former self. (giggling)
(footsteps pattering)
Ichigo, Renji, be
careful out there.
As I said, all our
rituals are imbued
with the history of
the Soul Society.
Each one of us in Squad Zero
has contributed to
the Soul Society
by creating something new.
It's for that reason,
we were recognized as
part of its history,
and invited by the Soul
King to join this squad.
The concept I created had
never been thought of.
The concept of an
artificial soul, a Gikon.
I even created the
technology needed
to insert it into a body.
This Gikon technology
was later used by others
to develop the Soul Candy.
But the main purpose of a Gikon
is to increase one's power
by inserting the essence
of a completely foreign
Spiritual Pressure
into one's body.
The food you ate was infused
with just such an essence.
Your bodies now contain
a Spiritual Pressure,
such as you've
never felt before.
And now you're both beginning
to sense it, aren't you?
All the same, it doesn't mean
you shouldn't be careful.
There's no telling what
you'll have to go through
at your next stop,
Hoohden.
In that palace, you will have
Oh-Etsu Nimaiya to deal with.
The man who created Zanpakuto.
(suspenseful music)
(ominous music)
(door clanging)
(door creaking open)
(Kenpachi scoffing)
(metal clanging)
(footsteps pattering)
(Kenpachi scoffing)
(footsteps thudding)
Pretty exclusive place you
picked for our little date.
I'm surprised you even
got permission to use it.
[Retsu] It was the new
Head Captain's idea.
The Muken level of the Central
Underground Great Prison
is immeasurably vast,
and completely sealed off from
the rest of the Soul Society.
It was decided that this
was the only safe place
in which to let you
unleash your full power
and swing your sword freely.
Otherwise, it would've
been off limits, of course.
They would never have allowed
we who are not criminals
to enter this place.
(Kenpachi scoffing)
Not criminals, huh?
Who are you kidding?
They consider us
criminals, all right,
if we weren't as
powerful as we are.
(clothes rustling)
But you are not as
powerful as you think.
I will confess, it was
I who chose this place,
because this is
where you belong.
(Kenpachi scoffing)
Yeah, I kinda figured as much.
That's fine by me.
I'll live as a captain
or die as a criminal.
But whether I kill
you or you kill me,
either way I'll end
up in eternal hell.
You're awfully talkative
today, aren't you?
(Kenpachi grunting)
I preferred you when you
were a man of few words.
Every time I hear your voice,
this scar you gave me
begins to throb and burn,
urging me to spill your blood.
Oh, boo-hoo.
Am I supposed to
feel sorry for you?
Like you are the
only one with a scar?
(footsteps shuffling)
(sword clanging)
(suspenseful music)
[Shunsui] Yachiru Onohana,
one of the original
Thirteen Court Guard Squads,
said to be the strongest
in its history.
She was the first
captain of Squad 11,
and made it what it is today.
Before being made a
captain by Old Man Yama,
she was the most
notorious criminal
in the history of
the Soul Society.
To show her proficiency
with the blade,
as well as her mastery
of many styles of combat,
she ultimately gave herself
the name, "Yachiru."
(static buzzing)
I wronged you by calling it
a mere Zanjutsu
lesson, didn't I?
(book thudding shut)
I know that once you and
Captain Zaraki cross blades,
(book thudding)
it means that one of
you will have to die.
I'm sorry.
(suspenseful music)
(suspenseful music continues)
(Kenpachi yelling)
(suspenseful music)
(Kenpachi crashing)
Oh Kenny.
(Isane sobbing)
Captain Unohana.
(sword clanging)
(Kenpachi growling)
(suspenseful music)
(Kenpachi grunting)
(clothes rustling)
(mellow music)
I'm glad you've removed your
eye patch for this battle.
I must commend you for that.
But then, if this is the
full extent of your power,
I pity you.
(blood gushing)
(swords clanging)
(air whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
Alas, you are too weak.
(knife clanging)
You only need one
arm to swing a sword.
Why is it that you won't put
your other arm to good use?
I had hoped you
would've put your heart
and soul into our last battle.
Huh, listen to you.
Spare me the
sentimental sweet talk
if you're gonna use
cheap tricks like that
-to try and beat me.
-(sword clanging)
Man, you really have
changed a lot, haven't you?
(suspenseful music)
What the hell happened to
that person I used to admire?
What do I care about
your admiration?
This is a battle to the death!
(air whooshing)
(sword clanging)
(melancholic music)
And for the record, I
haven't changed at all.
The only difference is
that when we last fought,
I didn't resort to such cheap
tricks as you call them,
because I didn't
have that luxury.
What are you...
Are you saying I've
gotten weaker since then?
Oh, how I admired you.
No matter what I killed,
people, trees, bugs,
it all felt the same.
Boring, like swinging a sword
around all alone in the dark.
Then I met you.
Fighting you was the
first time I felt fear.
The first time I felt
the joy of battle.
I wanted to fight like
you, become like you.
And now you are saying
that I am gonna die here today,
never having known what
it's like to defeat you.
(sword squishing)
(dramatic music)
(Kenpachi coughing)
Damn it to hell.
(Kenpachi grunting)
(dramatic music)
What's the matter?
For a moment there, your
mind seemed miles away.
(Kenpachi scoffing)
(Kenpachi yelling)
What just happened?
I swore I was...
Ah, screw it.
No time to worry about that now.
I need to focus on this battle
and savor every minute of it.
(dramatic music)
Kenpachi Zaraki, I
won't let you die.
It's only on the verge of
death that you grow stronger.
That is the flaw you
chose to give yourself.
It is also
my greatest sin.
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Retsu] Battle is everything.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)